DataGrid 'export': add information about PDF (#3670)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/export/formats.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies export formats.

Reviewer: It looks to me that the `formats` property is only used to specify the export button's availability/caption. From what I see, a developer still needs to implement the `onExporting` handler. So I can set `formats` to `['xlsx']`, but still write code that exports to PDF.

So instead of the current short description, I'd say something like this: 

```suggestion
Specifies the availability and captions of data export buttons.
```

---

> The default **formats** value is `['xlsx']`. To enable PDF export, set the **formats** property to `['pdf']`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **formats** property's default value is `['xlsx']`. To enable PDF export, set the **formats** property to `['pdf']`.
```

> The **formats** property's default value is `['xlsx']`. To enable PDF export, set the **formats** property to `['pdf']`.

Reviewer: Again, see my comment above. This text is a bit confusing. I don't think you enable PDF export by setting the **formats** property. To enable export by implementing the **onExporting** handler. So I would write a bit more of an explanation in this paragraph: 

```suggestion
The **formats** property's default value is `['xlsx']`. This means that the Grid displays the export button and its menu contains a command titled "Export all data (selected rows) to XLSX". If you would rather implement PDF export in your application, set the **formats** property to `['pdf']`. The command text changes to "Export data to PDF". You can then implement the **onExporting** handler accordingly. 
```

                }).then(() => {
                    doc.save('Companies.pdf');
                });
            },
        },
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';
    import DataGrid, { Export } from 'devextreme-react/data-grid';
    import { jsPDF } from 'jspdf';
    import { exportDataGrid } from 'devextreme/pdf_exporter';

    const exportFormats = ['pdf'];

    export default function App() {
        const onExporting = React.useCallback((e) => {
            const doc = new jsPDF();
            exportDataGrid({
                jsPDFDocument: doc,
                component: e.component,
            }).then(() => {
                doc.save('Companies.pdf');
            });
        });
        return (
            <React.Fragment>
                <div>
                    <DataGrid ...
                        onExporting={onExporting}
                    >
                        {/* ... */}
                        <Export enabled={true} formats={exportFormats}>
                    </DataGrid>
                </div>
            </React.Fragment>
        );
    }

---

> You can specify multiple formats: `['xlsx', 'pdf', string]`. The `string` format specifies the custom text shown in the **Export** button.

Reviewer 3: I think it's better to replace `string` with `'someOtherFormat'` or something like this. `string` is just typescript type and for me it's confusing to see it as value

Reviewer: I agree. And I also wanted to note that there are two things going on at once, and I would rather not mix them up. One thing - you can specify a custom format label, such as "CSV". Second thing - you can specify multiple labels. So I suggest we explain these things on step at a time: 

```suggestion
The predefined values for the **formats** property are 'xlsx' and 'pdf'. You can also specify any custom string, such as `['CSV']`. If you do that, the export command caption will read "Export all data (selected rows) to CSV". Once again, you'll need to change the onExporting handler to produce a file in that format. 

Since the **formats** property accepts an array, you can specify multiple formats. For example, you can set the property to  `['pdf', 'CSV']`. In this case, the grid displays multiple export commands: "Export all data (selected rows) to PDF" and "Export all data (selected rows) to CSV". In the onExporting handler, add logic that checks which button initiated the export operation.
```

I assume that you need to specify CSV in capital letters... Or does the grid automatically capitalize custom strings? 

You may also want to mention the properties that specify the templates for command captions.

Reviewer 3: It's better to write `'csv'`. Export button's title will be "Export all data to CSV" , `onExporting(e)` event's `e.format` will be `'csv'`

The example below shows how to export DataGrid to CSV format.

---
##### jQuery

    <!--JavaScript-->
    $(function(){
        const dataGrid = $('#gridContainer').dxDataGrid({
            // ...
            export: {
                enabled: true,

>                 formats: ['csv'],

Reviewer 3: Maybe better to add multiple formats to this example? It may be confusing for users how to find out which button ('xlsx' or 'pdf') was clicked in `onExporting` (they need to write `if (e.format === 'xlsx') {...} else if (e.format === 'pdf') {...}`

Reviewer: Agree, that would be great.

Author: Noted
